# diSimplex expositional webstite Licenses and Prior Art

The diSimplex expositional website projects individually and collectively 
contain a mixture of exposition, discussion as well as working compilable 
or interpretable code. As such the contents of these projects are licensed 
for use under the dual Creative Commons BY-SA 4.0 license for any non-code 
artefacts, as well as the Apache 2.0 license for any code artefacts.

In addition any and all new patentable ideas contained in the contents of 
any of the diSimplex website projects, are meant to document Prior Art from 
the time they are commited in a publicly accessible version control archive 
(such as, but not restricted to, GitHub).

Finally, both the CC-BY-SA 4.0 License (section 5), and the Apache 2.0 
License (sections 7 and 8) contain Disclaimers of Warranties and 
Limitations of Liability. These disclaimers and limitiations apply either 
singly or collectively to the whole of any diSimplex website project.

## CC-BY-SA 4.0 License for exposition and discussion

Unless explicitly noted otherwise, the contents of this diSimplex website 
project which are not code are

    Copyright 2019 PerceptiSys Ltd (Stephen Gaito).

This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 
International License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/

[![Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International 
License](https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by-sa/4.0/88x31.png)](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/)

All non-code artefacts are distributed on an "AS-IS" BASIS WITHOUT 
WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the 
CC-BY-SA 4.0 License linked above for the specific language governing 
permissions and limitations under the License.

## Apache 2.0 License for Code artefacts

Unless explicitly noted otherwise, all code is

    Copyright 2019 PerceptiSys Ltd (Stephen Gaito)

and is licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this code except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software 
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT 
WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the 
Apache 2.0 License linked above for the specific language governing 
permissions and limitations under the License.

## Prior Art

Any and all new patentable ideas contained in a diSimplex website project, 
either the exposition, discussion or code, are meant to document Prior Art 
from the time they are commited in a publicly accessible version control 
archive (such as but not restricted to GitHub).
